Blog post: Ongoing Exploits of Bitcoin Software (#910)
OpenSats/website: data/blog/ongoing-exploits-of-bitcoin-open-source-software.mdx

---
title: 'Ongoing Exploits of Bitcoin Software'
date: '2026-08-08'
tags: ['bitcoin', 'security']
draft: false
authors: ['dergigi', 'default']
images: ['/static/images/blog/112-btcpay-lnd-donations.jpg']
summary: 'A critical BTCPay Server flaw affecting LND is under active exploit.'
fundCard: red
---

> In the last 24h multiple critical security vulnerabilities were found and

Reviewer: nit, no need to abbreviate here in regular writing

```suggestion
In the last 24 hours multiple critical security vulnerabilities were found and
```

disclosed, most notably a [BTCPay Server vulnerability] that can lead to loss of
funds when using an LND node. Refer to the [official statement] by the BTCPay
Server team for a more detailed description and actionable steps.

OpenSats donation infrastructure was running the affected BTCPay Server and LND
stack. We have reacted immediately and updated our infrastructure shortly after
the vulnerability was announced. No donated funds were lost. As a precautionary
measure we have disabled donations via the lightning network for the time being.
You can still [donate to the red fund] and our other funds using on-chain
transactions or fiat payment rails.

We expect more critical vulnerabilities to be found and patched in the coming
days. Keep an eye out for updates via official channels, not only from the
[projects we fund], but across the whole bitcoin open-source ecosystem.

We would like to thank everyone who has donated to or otherwise supported the

> [red team], developers and security researchers who are responsibly disclosing

Reviewer: missing "the" here, to align with "and the maintainers"

```suggestion
[red team], the developers and security researchers who are responsibly disclosing
```
